Requirements:

1] Computer System with Fast Internet Connection.
2] Python.
3] Python Libraries:
	Pyttsx3
	Speech_recognition
	Pywhatkit
	Pyjokes
	Pyautogui
	Wikipedia


Features:

1) It will launch notepad by saying "open notepad" in a sentence.
       It will ask user if he/she want to dictate him to write or not.
       If user said yes to dictation mode then it will start writing on notepad till the user says "stop writing".
       If user said no then it will ask is there any other work to do for him?
          If user says "stop listening" the complete program will terminate effective immediately.
          If user wants bot in standby mode, user have to say "wait" in a sentence.

2) It will increase volume by 1 if user says "increase volume" or "volume up" in a sentence.
   Same is for decreasing volume by 1 if user says "decrease volume" or "volume down" in a sentence.
   Same is to mute the volume completely, user has to say "volume mute" or "mute" in a sentence.

3) It will tell and shows the current day and date by user saying "day" or "date" in sentence.

4) It will search any type of file, the user has to say "search file" in a sentence.
   It will ask to enter the complete filename with extension, then it will ask to enter disk-partition name (i.e. C,D,E,F,G)
   It will scan the entered partition for file and if found tells the exact loccation and opens the file. If not found it will ask to enter another partition of disk.

5) It will launch command prompt if user says "open command prompt" in a sentence.

6) It can launch system camera to click photos by saying "open camera" in a sentence.

7) It can tell temperature of a any city/region in the world by saying "temperature" in a sentence.
     It will ask temperature of which city? then the user tells name of the city and he will tell the temperature.

8) It can tell the system's exact IP Address, user just have to say "ip address" in a sentence.

9) It can fetch any information from Wikipedia, user just have to say "[subject] wikipedia" in a sentence.
     The above mentioned [subject] is the topic or name or anything of ehich user needs information from Wikipedia.

10) It can load any website on the system's default web browser, user just have to say "open website" in a sentence.
      Then it will ask which website to open and the user will say the specific website and it will be launched.

11) It can close any running application which is displayed on screen, user just have to say "close application" in a sentence.

12) It can search and open google website with results according to users query, user just have to say "open google" in a sentence.
    It will ask user what to search on google, user just have to say the query which he/she want to search on google and the related results will be displayed on screen.

13) It can close the current using tab of browser, user just have to say "close current tab" in a sentence.

14) It can play any Youtube video directly by just saying "video on youtube" in a sentence.
    It will ask which video to play? user will answer with the name of the desired video.

15) It can set reminder, user just have to say "timer" or "stopwatch" in a sentence.
    It will ask for how many minutes? user have to give answer in minutes and the bot will remind user after specified minutes by saying "Sir I am reminding you, your set time is finished".

16) It will be in standby mode (just listening and recognizing) by saying "wait" in a sentence.
    User have to say "ok listen" in a sentence to deactivate the standby mode and to give more tasks.

17) It can tell jokes, user just have to say "joke" in a sentence.

18) It can tell top 10 trending headlines of news, user just have to say "news" in a sentence.

19) It can switch windows (applications) by just saying "change window" in a sentence.

20) It can shutdown, restart, sleep the computer system by saying "shut down the system", "restart the system", "sleep the system" respectively.

21) The program will get terminated by saying "stop listening" in a sentence.